hey girls Jordan here this is me and
this is my band well this video is for
the girls who love their box braids for
what they are being protective and being
cute but you're not here for the bun as
like me I'm not here for the but unless
i'm going to sleep and you want to wear
a style that's going to be how do you
say it's going to be cute without being
too spicy or too over the top because
there's a lot of girls who are wearing
their box braids out there but out those
dogs are cute but they're not for me
they're not for the workplace or at
least my workplace and they're not
they're not calm enough for me like I
just like my stuff cute but calm so here
are a few styles in the way that I wear
my hair and it's cute but it's also very
very subtle and calm so if you like what
I'm talking about then stay tuned okay
so you want to make sure you start with
the well hydrated scalp so get whatever
grease you like to use and go to oiling
up your scalp me I just take a big glob
put it on the back of my hand and then
part and go to our finger part and go to
our thing apart and go to work ok so the
look number one is just going to be this
side swept I give style that I wear
almost every day and if you like it then
keep watching so you're just going to
take like all the front of your ear and
push it to you know the left to the
right side whatever side you like and
then go to the temple of that side of
your hair and take the three braids at
the temple and then just sweep it around
and pin it in the back League League
League League League League League Lisa
Lisa beginning beginning beginning
beginning beginning beginning beginning
gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme okay
this next aisle is just a side twist in
the front with a beautiful pattern scarf
or in my case just a strip of fabric
that I made into a beautiful fabric
headband and if you like this one keep
watching so are you going to do is take
the front section of your hair like the
front two rows of braids of your here
and started like the middle part and
make a left or the right side of your
hair after you're done with that you're
just gonna rubber band that section and
put on your headband sweep all the rest
of your hair back put on your hair being
um tie it the way that I show you and
then tuck that loose twisted underneath
the headband in the beginning I giddy up
giddy up again yeppa giddy up again
for this side swept fishtail look
continue to watch okay so for this look
all you're going to do is you can go to
the front next to the temple take about
two pieces of hair and cross that over
toward the back and then you'll take two
pieces of hair from behind that and
cross that over toward the front holding
on holding both sides down and you're
going to repeat that all the way over in
till the middle of your hair to form
that fishtail braid so you're going to
go to the front take two pieces cross it
over to the back hold that down go to
the back take two pieces cross it over
to the front hold that down go to the
front take two pieces cross it over to
the back hole down there and do that all
the way until you get into the back once
you get to the back you can just pain
all the hair that you have collected in
the back because hair to the front is
not going to fall because the way that
it's laying as long as you pin those
ones in the back then everything will be
starting in secure again beginning
giddyup giddyup I PLO PLO
No